today is Wednesday of science and technology
we are going to tell you that doctors
Colombians devised implants for
people who have lost the phalanges of
the fingers in his hands a technique
used product of an investigation
of four years has already been applied to
three patients
I lost a white one of his index finger in
a motorcycle accident and with her his
self-esteem decided then not to return to
be in social spaces lost the
confidence that always characterized him and
the security to perform
daily activities of his life
before people one feels like a little
rejected
and nothing just greet always hid
hand
I am right and everything began to
do with the left
this is a little
wrong
but thanks to the surgeon's creation
ricardo galán I recovered his life
the gallant experienced in him the technique
which is used for the reconstruction of
dental pieces known as their
integration and it's the first time that
develops in the world for implants of
fingers the idea of only increasing the
case history of our patients
we have just say five fingers with
implants of the integrated in the country
the idea is to reach even 40 or 50
so that we have a large amount
of patients to have already as a
let's say long-term study and say
how good is the technique and before
keep moving forward
at levels closer from junctions of
amputation
for the creators of the prostheses more
that an aesthetic situation or
functionality impacts on improving the
quality of life of patients who
they recover their confidence and their self-esteem
at this moment when one is
working with the patient
feel what he wants and that what I
transmitted as art in a prosthesis
patient wants to make her feel better
and obviously one as it goes
passing the time of the
development of the prosthesis sees
changes in the patient although the
Doctors have already worked in prosthetics
nose , ears and eyes expected
implants of fingers advance until being able
recover other parts of the
lower extremities of patients
amputees
louis tornado telesur bogota colombia